Rn okta364354 remove dev console (#1905)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/shared-sso-android-ios/setup-first-mobile-app/ios/configfile.md

* `redirectUri`: Enter `com.first.sample:/callback` as the value, which is what you defined as the **Login Redirect URI** in the Native app that you created in the <GuideLink link="../configure-oidc-native-apps">last step</GuideLink>. 
* `clientId`: Enter the Client ID that you copied during the <GuideLink link="../configure-oidc-native-apps">last step</GuideLink>.
* `issuer`: This is the URL for the authorization server that performs authentication. It's a combination of your `Org URL` and `/oauth2/default`.

    For example: `https//{yourOrgURL}/oauth2/default`

> > **Note:** The `Org URL` can found on the Admin Console's global header in the upper-right corner. Click the section which displays your email and company name.  A drop-down menu will appear and display general org information including the full `Org URL` (e.g. subdomain.okta.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** You can find the `Org URL`ion the Admin Console's global header in the upper-right corner of the page. Click the section that displays your email and company name.  A drop-down box appears and displays general org information including the full `Org URL` (for example, subdomain.okta.com).
```
